As a rule, one decentralized exchange platform bases on one blockchain system and operates only its tokens. Adding a token of another blockchain is technically impossible, as every blockchain is designed for one token format only. This makes every blockchain an isolated system, and this also is what ensures its security and transparency. Level 2 platform resolves the problem of decentralized exchange of tokens of different blockchains with its own multi-blockchain solution.<br>
Of course, there are exchanges that offer decentralized trading of tokens of various blockchains. But do you know how they are built? There are no loopholes in the blockchain architecture to direct tokens bypassing the consensus system. Therefore, the only option for token of one decentralized system to meet with another is a centralized gateway. And that means no more decentralization.<br>
A classic example of DEX is EtherDelta, built on Ethereum blockchain and operating exclusively with the tokens of ERC20 format. If we’d want to add Bitcoin on this exchange, we would have to issue its tokens firstly, each of which would be backed by real coins. But how can we be sure in a fairness of a centralized gateway? Gateway is the point of failure. If it disappears, it will be complicated even to prove the fact of theft, therefore, the traders cannot be sure that a gateway will repay the obligations.<br>
Another weak place of DEX is their bandwidth limitations. Blockchain is cumbersome, because transactions form blocks and take time to confirm. But trading does not tolerate delays, especially the high-frequency trading.<br> Transactions should pass instantly, and the moment from an order to execution should be minimized maximally.<br>
The fastest blockchains close one block in half a second, but still they are too slow. Even the projects that promise hundreds of thousands of transactions per second are several time slower than they should be for HF trading. Every solution to increase the speed of such transactions always adds an elements of centralization. But Level 2 devs are going to present a real decentralized technology to resolve this problem. It’s called payment or smart channels.<br>
The Level 2 solution is close to the concept of a cross-chain exchange, which guarantees the same conditions and opportunities for any blockchain system, connected to the platform. Today smart channels are open for NEO, Quantum, Ethereum, EOS, Cardano and other blockchains, that has smart contract function. In the nearest future Level 2 devs will build smart channels for Bitcoin, its forks and other blockchains without this ability, - like Litecoin, Dogecoin and others.
