Since the advent of Bitcoin, its price managed to grow from a few cents to twenty thousand dollars and, at the time of this writing, fall five times. Сryptocurrency managed to bring significant income for those who managed to invest in the early stages. However, there are many people who invested only in losses and griefs and it often was due to hacker attacks on many crypto exchanges around the world.<br>
The reason behind security of cryptocurrencies is also the cause of the irreversibility of any cryptocurrency transactions. That is why stolen money are almost never recovered. But to steal them sometimes is so easy, especially if the exchange stores money in hot wallets that are always online and vulnerable to attacks.<br>
Let's remember the most famous thefts.<br>
In January 2018, hackers stole more than $ 500 million in NEM tokens from the Japanese exchange platform Coincheck. This sum turned out to be not only a cryptocurrency thefts record, but the biggest theft in the whole world. The exchange acknowledged that the weak defense was to blame.<br>
The second largest robbery happened in February 2014. Then the hackers managed to steal the equivalent of $ 460 million dollars in Bitcoin. This theft had a much more devastating effect on the cryptocurrency market, because then it was much smaller than today.<br>
In 2018, just a month after Coincheck’s fail, there was an attack on the Italian exchange platform BitGrail, that resulted in a losses of Nano tokens worth $ 187 million. The Grail became empty.<br>
A strange story happened with a major exchange Bitfinex in August 2016, when it reported a loss of more than $ 77 million in Bitcoins. Investigation of theft did not reveal any explanations on how the hack was done. Even the FBI could not help. Until today no additional information was provided to the public.<br>
Theft of the Japanese exchange Zaif is the latest to date. In September 2018, hackers withdrew $ 60 million worth crypto assets. The exchange suspended all operations immediately after the beginning of attack, but this did not stop the withdrawal of funds.<br>
The sixth largest hacking also occurred in 2018, when the South Korean cryptoexchange Coinrail announced the disappearance of $ 40 million. This time hackers managed to withdraw many different cryptocurrencies, a whole portfolio, and people wonder if the hackers going to keep it long-term.<br>

It is believed that history never teaches people and new generations make the same mistakes as old ones. Fortunately, this can not be applied to the new technologies, which appear as a solution to the old problems. For cryptocurrency exchanges, the problem of hacker attacks has been relevant for many years, because platforms weren’t able to completely stop using hot wallets. The technology that guarantees complete protection against hackers has appeared just recently and is called the smart channels. Instead of using any wallet, the exchange and trader freeze funds in a channel, which I operated by a smart contract, that executes according to a strict rules. This allows both parties to be sure that no one deceive the other.
