It is believed that decentralized exchanges fully comply with the blockchain's ideology, which include a lack of middlemen and the inability to access the funds for a third party. But what if we say that this is completely wrong?<br>
Technically decentralized exchanges are based on the blockchain, whose token format they use. For example, Idex and EtherDelta are built on Ethereum and Switcheo is built on the NEO blockchain. Such exchanges have no problems with their native format tokens, so, for example, you can buy and sell any, even the rarest ERC20 token on EtherDelta.<br>
The problems begin when such exchange decides to list tokens from other systems, since their functioning within a non-native blockchain is impossible without centralized control. Moreover, tokens themselves can’t be added directly to another blockchain, one can only issue an analog, - tokens of tokens – that can only function in a new decentralized system.<br>
For example, we want to buy Bitcoin on EtherDelta. To do this the centralized gateway emits bitcoin tokens under its guarantees. By accessing this gateway, any user can exchange real Bitcoins for the tokens and vice versa. At least, that’s what the gateway developers say.<br> 
But what guarantees they give? All the commitments on trading tokens back to Bitcoins are only words. The gateway is a simple centralized exchanger, and users can’t be sure that it repays their obligations.<br>
So, can you really call such a system decentralized? Hardly. Therefore, DEXs, that trade the tokens and assets of various blockchains, are should be called quasi-decentralized.<br>
The developers of Level 2 Exchange created a solution for a real decentralized trading of any tokens and cryptocurrencies from any blockchains. It is called smart channels and guarantees not only the safety of funds, but also the high speed of all the transactions.