It is truly no surprise that cryptocurrency trading volumes are declining since the very beginning of the year 2018. Did you know, that the total amount of losses due to hacker attacks on cryptocurrency exhchanges currently makes up $ 927 million? Just the beginning of this year resulted in thefts worth a whole year 2017!<br>
Judge for yourself: in January, the Japanese exchange Coincheck was hacked and NEM tokens worth more than $ 500 million were withdrawn. A little later, Italian BitGrail was hacked with XRB stolen for an amount of 170 million. Then Bithumb and Coinrail from Korea also became victims of an attacks, which led to control tightening by regulatory bodies over the world.<br>
Every such case caused a discusson whether the hacking was possible due to blockchain weakness or a crypto exchange was too relaxed with their security measures. But now it became evident for everybody: the exchanges are to blame. It is well known that traders almost never deposit a big amount of assets. But what should a trader do, if he wants to trade big? He definitely might want to use the decentralized exchange platform. But such platforms never show high rates, and it may take many hours before your order is being executed.<br>
A protracted decline of the entire cryptocurrency market that we witness nowadays didn’t came from nowhere. There’s strong feeling among many traders that it was caused by the very thefts itselves. By stealing the huge amounts of coins, hackers made people fear to buy new ones. Hackers made novice traders sell all the assets and leave the trading. Now this situation surely won’t lead to a new cryptoboom.<br>
Is there a place for a new cryptoexchange on the market at such a tough time for the industry? What should it be like? It shoulddefinitely be the most secured and not leaving to hackers a single opportunity. In a word, it should be like Level 2.<br>
Thanks to the smart channel technology, the trader’s deposit is always safe and stores in a space where it could not be stolen from. And don’t forget the FGPA technology, which is the basis for exchange’s processors and data centers operating. It ensures high trading speed unattainable not only on other decentralized, but also on other centralized platforms.<br>
Trading is getting harder than it used to be a year ago. 
