In recent months things weren't going very well on the cryptomarket. Prolonged side movement, contrary to the expectations of the majority, turned to a sharp failure: from a level above $6,000 Bitcoin fell to $3,500 around which it is being traded today. Of course, the loss of more than a third of its price made a negative impact on all the altcoins. What does this mean for investors and traders? Let's get things straight.<br>
There were already a lot of Bitcoin drawdowns and every time they caused panic among investors. Here's an examples: the Chinese government ban on having any relationship with cryptocurrencies,  has led to 30% price decrease in autumn 2017. This did not prevent Bitcoin from growing later. Before that, there were major drawdowns caused by hacker attacks on the cryptoexchanges, - firstly, Mt.Gox and then Bitfinex. Each attack dropped the price by a third.<br>
All this also did not affect the subsequent strong growth of the cryptocurrency market, when the price of Bitcoin exceeded $20 000 in December 2017. In this regard, cryptocurrencies resemble the fall of dot-com, the internet companies whose securities lost its price at the beginning of the zero years, and after a few years more grew again. And cryptocurrencies are very similar to Internet companies in the sense that both of them are innovationsfor their time and the world is not able to immediately accept them.<br>
What are the reasons for the current fall of the crypto market? There are many factors: numerous Bitcoin forks, and constant bans and postponements of decisions by the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Another reason is the manipulation of the market by the "whales", which influenced the mood of many investors who decided to withdraw everything.<br>
But the problem is that too much attention has been paid to the decisions of regulators and other factors that are called "fundamental". Cryptocurrencies appeared without regulators' help and will surely continue to exist without them. Moreover, today there are a lot of other factors that indicate rapid growth in the nearest future. Firstly, it's the fact that the ETF postpones have a time limit, and after February 27, it will be impossible to postpone the decision again. Secondly, in many countries the regulation of cryptocurrency has finally taken shape, and even the countries like Sweden, Canada and China produce their own cryptocurrencies. Thirdly, we should not forget that everything moves in cycles, which means that growth will resume for natural reasons. Investors' patience is reaching its limit, so the wait won't be long.<br>
How long exactly should we wait - this question is still difficult to answer today. Perhaps a month, perhaps half a year. But it is obvious that today it is worth looking for good points to enter the market. And even those who lost investment on cryptocurrency in the year 2017 will be able to return all the losses very soon and not only return, but make profit as well. And the main reason for that is creating of a totally secured trading platform Level2, that lacks all the backdoors hackers used for the past years.
