Are there any crypto exchanges you can trust one hundred percent? Hardly. But there is a crypto exchange that you don’t need to trust at all.<br>
Security is the alpha and omega of any kind of activity. But this hardly applies to trading. Each time traders deposit money on a cryptocurrency exchange wallet, they try to send no more they can afford to lose. This risk has become almost commonplace after numerous hacker attacks and fraudulent actions of the exchanges itself, which resulted in huge losses of traders’ funds across the globe.<br>
To this date, the attack on the Coincheck in early 2018 remains the loudest one with the biggest prey for hackers among attacks on cryptocurrency exchanges. 500B of NEM and 100B of XRP were lost and the platfrom was forced to cease all operations. The result of this attack was worldwide strengthening of regulatories, KYC requirements and other restrictions of operating the digital assets. The situation didn’t contribute development of the industry as a whole. Direct and indirect consequence of this story was also a general pullback in cryptocurrencies trading volumes. This made the problem of safe trading to become one of the most important and requiring immediate solution.<br>
But the security problem cannot be solved for centralized management of funds. These outdated mechanisms are the main cause of all troubles, not to mention the fact that any middlemen don’t fit the decentralized philosophy of cryptocurrencies at all.<br>
Decentralized trading platforms (DEX) hasn’t become a victims of hackers’ attacks, whether due to their reliability or simply because they never had significant trading volumes. Low volumes and a small number of users - a consequence of the slow and inconvenient work of the current DEXs and an obstacle for them to become mainstream.<br> Delays are detrimental to trade. Does this mean it‘s impossible to build fast decentralized exchange? Not at all.<br>
It’s only a question of technologies behind trading and the mechanism of smart channels is the most promising one. This approach bases on a smart contract, that blocks the funds inside itself, while the crypto exchange delivers the equal trading volume within its system. After trading is done, the smart contract calculates the profit and transfers the funds directly to the user's personal crypto wallet. This way the trader doesn’t deposit a single satoshi on the exchange, and therefore doesn’t risk losing any of them. Neither he nor the exchange platform itself can withdraw funds from smart contract without permission of the other side. The other security mechanism is that the smart channel is set to expire in a predetermined period, that’s why even in case exchange will go offline, the funds will be returned to the trader.<br>
An example of using this technology is the L2 Exchange, a new hybrid cryptocurrency platform that combines the mechanism of decentralized funds deposit through smart contracts and centralized trading operating center, which serve each other to deliver the best trading performance possible. Meet the rate, trading volume, usability and a user-friendly interface of a centralized solutions with a security level, that exceeds decentralized ones. Smart channels ensure the decentralized and transparent deposit and withdrawal process with records on every operation storing as secure as blockchain does.<br>
The era of centralized crypto exchanges has finally came to an end. The future of crypto trading is the hybrid models that are not only more technically advanced, but also share the values ​​of the blockchain communities – the freedom from intermediaries or any third-party control. Even the largest exchanges, such as Binance, are now developing decentralized platforms. However, the new era will definitely bring new heroes with new original solutions. The technology of smart channels of L2 exchange is definitely the one.
