CEO of the largest centralized cryptocurrency exchange Binance, Changpeng Zhao, believes the bear trend will change as soon as institutional investors enter the crypto market and when people will have more opportunities for daily use of digital money.<br>
Zhao considers the financial company Fidelity Digital Assets, which has previously announced the developing of a cold crypto storage, and the international investment company Blackrock to be one of the most important players, which presence on crypto market could really push the industry forward. The head of Binance is sure that the big push is possible if these companies would store at least 5% of their funds in cryptocurrencies.<br>
Regarding the possibilities of using the digital money in everyday life, Changpen Zhao named TravelbyBit as a good example, the startup, that allows air passengers to pay in airport stores in cryptocurrencies. Charity, according to him, is another promising area for crypto since the use of the blockchain will make it possible to track all cash flows.<br>
Nevertheless, Changpeng Zhao did not mention decentralized crypto exchanges as a factor for the market growth, although Binance has announced the developing of a DEX version. Security of funds is an important factor for attracting institutional investors and it’s doubtful that big companies will ever trade on a centralized platform. Institutional investors operate huge amounts of money and losing tokens is definitely not an option. They need a secure decentralized solution and a reliable platform. So while Binance only develops its DEX, Level2 exchange invites traders to start making money today. The smart channel technology lets operate any amounts of funds and not worry about anything that might go wrong.
