A cryptocurrency market and the value of its assets are the result of supply and demand, which forms by decisions of many participants. To a usual investor only the result of these decisions is available which the concrete price of the asset is. The mechanics of the price forming are hidden from the usual investor, while the tools for analysis are not enough to make accurate conclusions. He can see the trading volume, charts, graph figures, the market depth, but he can’t see the level of investors’ confidence in an asset.<br>
What qualities distinguish a professional investor from a non-professional? First of all, awareness. A good investor knows where the wind is blowing and never plays against the trend. This allows him to buy on time and sell the assets on time, and thus always make a profit.<br>
It follows a logical conclusion that information is always a tool for a good investor. But there is always a lot of information around, often superfluous, inaccurate or just false. News seeks to attract attention, so they often exaggerate or distort events. A bad investor easily believes the printed word, becomes frightened, acts hastily and thoughtlessly why often turns to a “hamster”.<br>
There are many examples of the news made up specifically to fool people. For example, a couple of years ago, a trader from Scotland created fake accounts of research bureau where he published profitable for his investments reports. He managed to make money on trustful players until was caught. That is why a good investor should always analyze information, no matter how authoritative it might seem.<br>
But what areas to follow and what news are worth reading? Firstly, there are several areas that an investor should always monitor: trading operations of cryptocurrency funds and news from insiders that are somehow related to the assets being traded.<br>
The trading volume of hedge funds, as a rule, always affects the market. But such an information never reflects instantly, but gradually, spreading like circles on water. A good investor knows about the likelihood of reducing a particular coin long before the majority of players learn about it.<br>
Insiders are a separate category of market participants. These people are usually somehow connected with certain assets, have an interest in them, but might play games that have to be decrypted first. Insiders are prominent evangelists, famous whales, media personalities, as well as a founders and developers of cryptocurrencies. Insiders can use different means to achieve their goals, so the information they broadcast should not be taken literally.<br>
A year ago, Google Trends, which shows the number of search queries on a particular topic, was considered a reliable tool for analyzing market moods. Today, the crypto community recognizes that its data is mostly useless. The decisions that specific people make are still the most important tool for making analysis. And those who can see and understand the information, control emotions, make their own decisions, always win.<br>
One is never born to become a good investor. Patience, work and a cold head bring experience, which over time necessarily converts into profit. Trade wisely and don't let yourself be manipulated!
