SolarisBank and Stuttgart Exchange Group announced the development of an infrastructure for a cryptocurrency exchange. This is a significant project, as the second largest stock exchange in Germany, founded in 1860, and a young German bank, which exists for less than four years, are working together side by side.<br>
Their plans include using a banking platform for exchanging BTC and ETH to fiat currencies. Both individual clients and institutional investors will be able to trade. Since the new banking cryptoexchange intends to hold an ICO, apparently, it is also planned to release a platform’s token.<br>
News about the emergence of this platform only confirm the trends of the past year. Conservative stock exchanges begin to trade crypto assets, which they didn’t recognize a year ago. While the security of the trading platform tends to match the level of modern banks, which is quite understandable after a large number of hackers attacks.<br>
However, a bank remains a bank. It will collect all possible information about its users and analyze their behavior. It can deduct taxes without even asking you or charge hidden fees. In addition, no bank can be fully protected from the failures of the economic policy of the country. Cryptoexchange and bank are no similar institutions as they belong to different areas.
Modern crypto exchanges, such as Level 2, can provide equal to banking’s security without trespassing your privacy.<br> All financial relations with an exchange are governed by a smart contract that operates exactly in accordance with the original agreements, without the possibility to bring any unpleasant surprises.<br>
Perhaps the competition between banking and cryptocurrency platforms is only gaining momentum, and soon we will see larger players entering the market. However, it is unlikely that any of them banks will be able to offer more attractive trading conditions than cryptoexchanges do. And regarding the latest technological solutions for crypto platforms, banks are merely left with no chances.
