HODL is a call for not to sell cryptocurrency, despite any movements on the market. People who follow this rule are called hodlers. They believe that the price of a coin they hold will eventually go “to the moon” — that is, become prohibitively expensive.<br>
The word itself appeared in 2013 thanks to the post on bitcointalk.org of one drunken Bitcoin investor, who during the regular drawdown (yes, 2013 was a year of a dragdown too) announced to the world that he would not sell his coins no matter what happens. He made a misprint in the word HOLDING and wrote I AM HODLING. The thread became popular, the word became viral and turned into meme.<br>
So, is it worth it?<br>
Today, HODL denotes an investment strategy when a trader holds cryptocurrency for an indefinitely long time. A little later the term Baghodler appeared, which indicates a person who was hodling for too long. His coin suffered a significant loss and now the baghodler awaits for the price to return to at least the original level.
There are hundreds of coins on the market and almost every one had its “fifteen minutes of fame” or better to say “fifteen minutes of rapid growth”. But in general, today’s market is in deep drawdown. Does this mean that the HODL strategy did not justified itself and cryptocurrencies cannot serve as investment instrument?<br>
 Not at all, this only means that the time has come to change the strategy. But what should a trader do in the period when the graphics are so unstable? Trade, of course! This volatility conceal huge profit opportunities, and those who not only wait, can still make a good income out of their crypto assets. The more the market wobbles, the more profit can be made. And to make the trading maximally profitable, a trader needs to find a coins that wobble more than the others. This can be done with the help of technical analysis.<br>
When trading on the exchange, pay close attention to the volumes of the depth of market for different coins. The totality of all orders to sell and buy indicates the overall amount of an asset that is currently in circulation on a given exchange between bulls and bears (sellers and buyers). If the volume grows, then, as a rule, the price of a coin also increases. A trader can earn money using both scalping method and opening longer deals. It is important to monitor the volume of depth of market regularly in order not to miss the moment when an asset becomes overbought. This way a trader will have enough time to sell it with profit.<br>
Overbought and oversold cycles in the market alternate regularly. This can be clearly seen on both small timeframes and large ones. If you trade quickly, it is more preferable to stick to the minute candles. If your method is a couple of daytime trades, you are advised to pay attention to hourly timeframes.<br>
If used correctly, technical indicators can become useful assistants to trader. In this article we only highlighted this topic. We will dig in the technical analysis (and how to apply it for trading) in our later publications.
