If we study in detail the price graphics of cryptocurrency, we’ll see that not a single coin moves constantly only in one direction, and even in a falling market, there are bursts every minute. Now bitcoin costs 4387, and after a minute 4389, a bit later it costs 4355, then 4360. And if you open short trades at the right time in both cases, you can earn $ 7 for two deals that take a minute of your time. If you make twenty deals per day, you will get income of 140 dollars, monthly you can earn 4200 dollars. That is, a whole bitcoin (which in six months can cost $ 12,000 again).<br>
Such short trades are called scalping deals, and on a volatile crypto market they can certainly bring more profit than longer ones. But of course, there is no trade without risk. Let's talk about what every trader, who decided to do scalping, should know.<br>
Someone may consider these trading style simple and affordable, but it is far from it. A trader without experience and necessary skills should not consider it a trading strategy. In addition, one needs to constantly remember about self-restraint, because the thirst to go beyond the usual scalping profit often leads to a loss of deposit. Limitations are the alpha and omega of any scalper. It is important to remember that you enter the trade to profit from a small price change. Therefore, earnings from a single transaction may seem ridiculous, but remember that one can conduct an unlimited number of deals per day.<br> 
In this case, you can trade both directions, - buy when the price rises and sell when it falls. Little by little, the amount accumulated on your account will be several times higher than that of a trader who trades on longer timeframes.<br> 
With the right approach, risks can be completely minimized. To do this, the trader must develop and define for himself a strict exit strategy. Depending on the size of your amount you put into deal, determine the maximum win and loss. In both cases, you will need to immediately close the position. Taking these precautions, you will save yourself from large losses, which can reset the earnings from ten small profitable deals.<br>
Since the speed of the trading platfrom is the main parameter that affects the frequency of opening the scalper deals, it is important to be sure, that exchange you trade on allows to catch even the slightest price changes. Some exchanges update price charts more slowly than others. Conventional exchanges are poorly suited for this type of trading, as it need special hardware moified according to FGPA technology.<br>
Having found such an exchange and controlling your temper, you can just start earning, not thinking about how much Bitcoin or another digital asset will cost at the end of the day.


